Who are you? What does it have to do with you?
You two affect my appetite
Muse, let's go
Can't go
I asked you to buy a meal to give you a cushion.
Do you know
The man who wants to buy food for my mother is expensive
And they all drive luxury cars
Hard work today
Otherwise, I want to go on a blind date with my sister-in-law
I haven't given you a chance yet
Do you need it?
I don't see what I look like
Lie to eat and drink, really treat yourself as a character
Please correct your position
Here we go.
Who buys a single person?
Whoever lights up buys
Miss
Are you a man?
If you can't afford the order, what do you want?
I can't afford it.
Waiter, he ordered the exact same dish
Bring me a table
Mr. Chen, he just ordered more than 100,000
Just do as Mr. Lu said
He just spent 2 billion
Buy my queen bed at Long River Hospital
What is a meal?
That rich man is you.
I was joking with my mom just now
Come on, let's talk
You go
No, you're not.